I'm an undergraduate student majoring in Cognitive Science with a Specialization in Machine Learning and Neural Computation and minoring in Computer Science at UC San Diego. I began my college journey aspiring to be a software engineer and because of this I took many coding/programming courses that included several languages (e.g., Java, Python, C/C++). I began to branch out into machine learning once I started to advance in my Cognitive Science courses. I soon became fascinated by the potential of machine learning. Along with this I soon learned the importance of data and how utilizing regression models can reveal important and useful associations/patterns. Since then I've been working to become an effective Data Scientist.
#
During my coursework, I've learned several Data Science methodologies (e.g., Baysian learning, Working with unstructured data, Supervised/Unsupervised machine learning). In addition to this, I've gained practical experience in Data Science/Analysis through my Data Analyst position for The Neurosciences Department at UC San Diego working for The Study of Latinos - Investigation of Neurocognitive Aging (SOL-INCA). My duties include implementing survey regression models (Gaussian or binomial family and logit), using R or Stata.
#
Lastly, I possess several important qualities that make me an effective Data Scientist. I have the technical skills and analytical capabilites necessary to design effective models and visualizations. I am also a fast learning who is always willing to learn in order to become a more effective Data Scientist. As I am graduating in June 2022, I am actively seeking a full-time role as either a Data Scientist or Data Analyst. If my background aligns with the type of canidate you are searching for, please contact me!
#